Oh I come to see the scenery and find inspiration
I will accompany him to visit relatives
Uh yes yes yes
Then you work first, and I'll go home first.
Uh, I'll take you there.
No more visiting relatives
Mother-in-law moved
Right?
Ah, it's dad, my mother-in-law moved
Just moved it, get in the car
Here's your car.
Uh, it's my boss's business
I was his personal chauffeur
Yes
That's not good. The boss won't mind without him
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes!
Li Qi, who is your king?
My boss is
My boss is uh
Is it Young Master Lu?
You also work at Lu Enterprises Group
Oh, yes, I'm a colleague with Brother Lu
How about Young Master Lu?
Is it easy to talk?
Less compassionate towards employees
meticulous
Overtime fine
Flexible working
Yes, but I heard he was at the engagement party
Cheating on his fiancee
Brother's girlfriend
Sister-in-law, you misunderstood.
It was all deliberately set up by someone
Our eldest young master is innocent
Strange who is behind the destruction
I don't want me to marry Master Lu
Hey, what do you want with him?
Of course not.
No matter what kind of character Lu Dashao has
I can't reveal my identity just because I sign a contract